build: share Saucelabs browsers between karma test targets using background Saucelabs daemon and custom karma launcher (#49200)
angular/angular: tools/saucelabs-daemon/README.md

# Saucelabs testing with Bazel

## Local testing

1. Set up your `SAUCE_USERNAME`, `SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY` & `SAUCE_TUNNEL_IDENTIFIER` environment variables.
These are required. You can find the values for `SAUCE_USERNAME` and `SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY` in `/.circleci/env.sh`. `SAUCE_TUNNEL_IDENTIFIER` can be set to any unique value.

If you are having trouble running Saucelabs tests locally you can contact [Joey Perrott](https://github.com/josephperrott) or [Paul Gschwendtner](https://github.com/devversion) for support.

2. Once you have your environment variables set up, run the setup task in the root of the repo:

``` bash
yarn bazel run //tools/saucelabs-daemon/background-service
```

This will start a daemon process that will connect to Saucelabs and provision browsers
once you start running your first test target.

3. In another terminal, you can run a particular test target through SauceLabs by prefixing the target name with "saucelabs_".

> For example, `packages/core/test:test_web` becomes `packages/core/test:saucelabs_test_web`.

Reviewer: I think we should move to a suffix. `test_web` and then `test_web_suffix`.

Author: ✅

```
yarn bazel test //packages/core/test:saucelabs_test_web
```

## Additional test features

To see the test output while the tests are running (as these are long tests), add the `--test_output=streamed` option. 
Note, this option will also prevent bazel from using the test cache and will force the test to run.

> `bazel query` is required gather up all karma saucelabs test labels so they can be run in one command as they are tagged `manual`.

Author: ✅

Running all karma tests in Saucelabs:

``` bash
yarn bazel run //tools/saucelabs:sauce_service_setup

> TESTS=$(./node_modules/.bin/bazelisk query --output label '(kind(karma_web_test, ...) intersect attr("tags", "saucelabs", ...)) except attr("tags", "fixme-saucelabs", ...)')

Author: New `/scripts/saucelabs` ?

> TESTS=$(./node_modules/.bin/bazelisk query --output label '(kind(karma_web_test, ...) intersect attr("tags", "saucelabs", ...)) except attr("tags", "fixme-saucelabs", ...)')

Author: ✅

> yarn bazel test --config=saucelabs ${TESTS}

Author: Nice catch. That is key. I'll update it to use the environment variable as well.

> yarn bazel test --config=saucelabs ${TESTS}

Author: Actually, I opted for a CLI parameter since users will generally launch the background service in one terminal and Bazel in another.

```

## Under the hood

The `//tools/saucelabs-daemon/background-service` target does not start the Sauce Connect proxy at start-up, but instead listens for the start signal from the saucelabs karma launcher. 
This signal is sent by saucelabs-daemon custom karma launcher `tools/saucelabs-daemon/launcher/launcher.ts`. 
This is necessary as the Sauce Connect Proxy process must be started outside of `bazel test` as Bazel will automatically kill any processes spawned during a test when that tests completes, which would prevent the tunnel & provisioned browsers from being shared by multiple tests.

The karma_web_test rule for saucelabs must have a few important tags:

> *  `no-remote-exec` as they cannot be executed remotely since they require a local Sauce Connect process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  `no-remote-exec` as they cannot be executed remotely since tests need to communicate with the daemon.
```

Author: ✅
